DBZ-1178 Synchronize Debezium images (#1037)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/install.adoc

* https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/debezium/debezium-connector-oracle/{install-version}/debezium-connector-oracle-{install-version}-plugin.tar.gz[Oracle Connector plugin archive] (incubating)
* https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/debezium/debezium-connector-cassandra/{install-version}/debezium-connector-cassandra-{install-version}-plugin.tar.gz[Cassandra plugin archive] (incubating)

> If immutable containers are your thing, then check out https://quay.io/organization/debezium[Debezium's Docker images] (https://hub.docker.com/r/debezium/[alternative]) for Zookeeper, Kafka, and Kafka Connect with the MySQL and MongoDB connectors already pre-installed and ready to go. Our xref:tutorial.adoc[tutorial] even walks you through using these images, and this is a great way to learn what Debezium is all about. You can even xref:operations/openshift.adoc[run Debezium on OpenShift].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If immutable containers are your thing, then check out https://quay.io/organization/debezium[Debezium's container images] (https://hub.docker.com/r/debezium/[alternative source] on DockerHub) for Apache Kafka, Kafka Connect and Apache Zookeeper, with the different Debezium connectors already pre-installed and ready to go. Our xref:tutorial.adoc[tutorial] even walks you through using these images, and this is a great way to learn what Debezium is all about.
Of course you also can run Debezium on Kubernetes and xref:operations/openshift.adoc[OpenShift].
```
